Add cspell to osrd-website (#261)
OpenRailAssociation/osrd-website: cspell/project-words.txt

Reviewer: How about ordering the list with alphabetical order, it would much easier to maintain and avoid duplicate entries.

Author: It was indeed much clearer after doing so, I did it for all the dictionnary files ;)

OSRD
VecDeque
Odoo
Motis
möglich

> Remarquable

Reviewer: Isn't this one in the dictionary already 🤔 ?

Author: It is in the french one but we use it on an English Page to explain what PR means, I'll had a comment to explain why it's there ;)

> opensource

Reviewer: Maybe this one is already in the dictionary but in 2 words? ["open source"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_source). Not sure we want to deviate from that?

If it's there for the French, then "open source" seems fine too, or "code source ouvert" for a more pompous form.

Author: I cannot change it were it is used as it is used in a quote but also in a link but i switched it to the unwanted dictionary that references the words that we didn't want to allow but had to because of urls or hugo's keywords.

Author: > Operational point is also known in French as "Point Remarquable" (PR).

TVDS
autonumber
mgsin
Isort
pytype
stringifying
mtlynch
pytest
parallelizable
macbooks
virtiofs
osxkeychain
creds
relref

> balise

Reviewer: Is it for the English? I'm wondering if we can put some comment next to the word to explain why it's there?

For example, here:
```suggestion
balise # In English, the French word is used https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/balise
```

Author: Tested, it works with a #, I'll add the comment can be very usefull

odometry
Tdriver
Tindication
FLOI
Twarning
maxmemory
allkeys
exploitability
EPSG
autosquash
MRSP
Dreiländer
DGEX
QGIS
Kutta's

> Kutta

Reviewer: [Kutta](https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Wilhelm_Kutta) should be in `names.txt` I would say, what do you think?

> Runge

Reviewer: [Runge](https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Runge) should also be in `names.txt` I believe.

Author: I hadn't seen it cause of the collaspe :skull:

plpgsql
ABAC
Sémaphore
Clignotant
MARECO
STDCM
editoast
osrdyne
ERTMS
Netzgrafik
Valkey
ETCS
rabbitmq
CODEOWNERS
tchou
choo
pathfinding
topo
ralen
BAPR
xchg
networker
openrail
railjson
Cruda
typesystem
rustc
privs
modelv
privlvl
unsignaled
interprétabilité
GPRS
FRMCS
ETML
EPSF
DAAT
COVIT
VUTR
VUSS
CAPI
BMCV
IPCS
ITCS
TECS
TSCS
VUTP
IPCS

> BMVU

Reviewer: Do you think it would make sense to create another file for acronyms?

Author: Great idea !

opendata
fosdem
devroom
Österreichische
Bundesbahnen
Schweizerische
Bundesbahnen
eurobalises
eurobalise
euroloop
Euroradio
odométriques
eurocab
réplicas
scopé
scoper
hashées
linté
Transifex
refacto

> fabriquants

Reviewer: Hmm, "en fabriquant" ou "ce sont des fabricants" but I'm not sure we want to keep "fabriquants". Did I miss something?

Author: It's indeed a french mistake on my end, I didn't understood why the dictonary said the word doesn't exist and thought it was missing, I removed it and corrected the error.

allkeys
autonumber
autosquash
balise # In English, the French word is used https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/balise
Bundesbahnen
choo
clignotant
CODEOWNERS
creds
devroom
dreiländer
editoast
eurobalise
eurobalises
eurocab
euroloop
euroradio
exploitability
fosdem
hashées
interprétabilité
isort
linté
macbooks
maxmemory
mgsin
modelv
möglich
motis
mtlynch
networker
netzgrafik
odométriques
odometry
Odoo
opendata
openrail
osrdyne
österreichische
osxkeychain
parallelizable
pathfinding
plpgsql
privlvl
privs
pytest
pytype
rabbitmq
railjson
ralen
redistribuable
refacto
relref

> remarquable # We use it in the English part to exlplain what tge PR acronym is in OSRD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
remarquable # We use it in English to explain what the PR acronym is in OSRD
```
